my name is nya I'm 35 years old I'm a
teacher a wife and a mother my daily
routine is pretty hectic I'm up around
5:30 and I hit the ground running
I get my family up and ready out the
door and then get myself off to work I
have fine thin and often limp hair and
I'm also growing my hair out so easy
hair it has been a great system for me
because it's added volume it's added
color and also length to my hair as I'm
growing it out it feels natural it feels
just like my own hair and it's easy for
me to put it in on my own I've had
extensions in the past and it can be
pretty time-consuming to go to the salon
and have extensions put in and then to
have them taken out at the salon as well
so what I really like about this product
is that I can easily put it in add the
volume and length that I want and easily
take it out on my own as well this is
the easy extend it comes with eight
pieces of 16 inch hair it's the same
color as my hair and it feels just like
my hair what I like about this system is
that it's enabled me to transition from
my shorter hairstyle to a longer
hairstyle without the wait I just
quickly put these in and I've got the
style and the length that I want let me
show you how easily you can get these in
I love the way my hair looks now it's
the length I want without having to wait
months and months and months and I can't
tell the difference between my hair and
the EZ extend hair it feels the same and
it looks just like my hair